Marco ChengWebsite works 	My website only have one input text search bar for user to look up NBA players. The user can search either last name or first name to find the player stats. When the user click the search button, the system will check the input. If the user enter a space, the code will not run to the SQL database. If the user enter proper keyword, it will pass the SQL query to the database, and fetch the results back. The query is using “LIKE” to look up the player’s name. However, if the SQL server return “No Result”, it will pass to the Levenshtein step to find the next closest player name. The Levenshtein method will take two parameters: the string of the user’s input and an array of string that contain the full name of the player. The method will compare loop through each name in the array, and find the closest possible result. For example, if the user search “Bill Gates”, my code will show the user ”there have no result found”. Since the string of “Bill Gates” is way different than the player list, the website wouldn’t return irrelevant result. That would provide a better experience when user misspell the name of the player.
	The results are showing within the table with all the necessary data, such as player’s name and point per game. In addition, I also include the player profile picture right next to the name of the player. The URL link of the player picture is from NBA.com. Each player has their own unique URL, but the naming of the URL is the same, which is “firstname_lastname”. So, I use explode function to separate first name and last name of the player, and put it back together with the underscore. Also, sometimes the result might return many of players, and the user may have a hard time to go back to the top search bar. Therefore, I put a nav bar in the bottom of the page, and user can go back to the top quickly to enhance the user experience. 
	As many of user would browse web with smartphone rather than using computer. A mobile-friendly website would be benefit to our user. My page would change font and font size depends on the width of user’s device. The player picture will also disappear since there have not enough space to show picture.          
Data is hosted on AWS RDS	The setup of the AWS, EC2 and RDS are bit difficult than I thought. By following the AWS setup document, I am able to create an instance for EC2 and  RDS. The database was imported to the phpMyAdmin, and I dropped some of the empty columns and renamed the columns head. 